Are you sure it's true?
I met his mother just now.
He was life hitting my stop.
And he recognized me.
And I recognized him.
It's absolutely impossible to go wrong.
Then according to you
At that time, he saved one
And raise him to adulthood
That should be it.
Ok, I see.
You stay in the hospital and continue to give me the deposit
Li Hongyi is good
You didn't lie to me.
He is Li Hongyi
I'm all yours now
Of course I won't lie to you.
But I investigated Yin Hongyi before you came
Have you found out his identity?
Yes
Because I saw a kidney transplant in his stomach
Scar from surgery
No wonder you beat people so hard as soon as you came back
You have to eat people's appearance
I just want to eat you
This is the first time
It still hurts
But you already know Li Hongyi's identity
What are you going to do next?
Of course, arrange Xiaohui's second surgery ASAP.
If Li Hongyi
Don't want to give his kidney to Xiaohui?
Can't help it
As long as I tell Zhou Wenmei his matching result
Zhou Wenmei will do anything to force him to commit crimes